com/example/bookstore/Models/BookInfoModel.java
 com.example.bookstore.Models.BookInfoModel
 com.example.bookstore.Models.BookInfoModel$1
com/example/bookstore/Models/BookShelfModel.java
 com.example.bookstore.Models.BookShelfModel
com/example/bookstore/Room/BookTableDAO.java
 com.example.bookstore.Room.BookTableDAO
com/example/bookstore/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.bookstore.BuildConfig
com/example/bookstore/Models/BookCoverLinksModel.java
 com.example.bookstore.Models.BookCoverLinksModel
 com.example.bookstore.Models.BookCoverLinksModel$1
com/example/bookstore/Utils/AppConstants.java
 com.example.bookstore.Utils.AppConstants
com/example/bookstore/Room/FavoriteBooksDatabase.java
 com.example.bookstore.Room.FavoriteBooksDatabase
 com.example.bookstore.Room.FavoriteBooksDatabase$1
com/example/bookstore/Retrofit/RetrofitRequest.java
 com.example.bookstore.Retrofit.RetrofitRequest
com/example/bookstore/Models/BookSaleInfoModel.java
 com.example.bookstore.Models.BookSaleInfoModel
 com.example.bookstore.Models.BookSaleInfoModel$1
com/example/bookstore/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.bookstore.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/bookstore/Models/BookPriceInfoModel.java
 com.example.bookstore.Models.BookPriceInfoModel
 com.example.bookstore.Models.BookPriceInfoModel$1
com/example/bookstore/Views/Activities/MainActivity.java
 com.example.bookstore.Views.Activities.MainActivity
 com.example.bookstore.Views.Activities.MainActivity$1
com/example/bookstore/Views/Activities/BookDetailsActivity.java
 com.example.bookstore.Views.Activities.BookDetailsActivity
 com.example.bookstore.Views.Activities.BookDetailsActivity$1
com/example/bookstore/Retrofit/IBooksApi.java
 com.example.bookstore.Retrofit.IBooksApi
com/example/bookstore/databinding/FragmentFavoritesBinding.java
 com.example.bookstore.databinding.FragmentFavoritesBinding
com/example/bookstore/Adapters/FavoriteBooksAdapter.java
 com.example.bookstore.Adapters.FavoriteBooksAdapter
 com.example.bookstore.Adapters.FavoriteBooksAdapter$FavoritesViewHolder
 com.example.bookstore.Adapters.FavoriteBooksAdapter$IBookClicked
com/example/bookstore/Retrofit/AllBooksDataSource.java
 com.example.bookstore.Retrofit.AllBooksDataSource
 com.example.bookstore.Retrofit.AllBooksDataSource$1
 com.example.bookstore.Retrofit.AllBooksDataSource$2
 com.example.bookstore.Retrofit.AllBooksDataSource$3
com/example/bookstore/Models/BookModel.java
 com.example.bookstore.Models.BookModel
 com.example.bookstore.Models.BookModel$1
com/example/bookstore/Views/Fragments/FeedFragment.java
 com.example.bookstore.Views.Fragments.FeedFragment
 com.example.bookstore.Views.Fragments.FeedFragment$1
 com.example.bookstore.Views.Fragments.FeedFragment$2
com/example/bookstore/databinding/FragmentFeedBinding.java
 com.example.bookstore.databinding.FragmentFeedBinding
com/example/bookstore/ViewModels/BooksViewModel.java
 com.example.bookstore.ViewModels.BooksViewModel
com/example/bookstore/databinding/ActivityBookDetailsBinding.java
 com.example.bookstore.databinding.ActivityBookDetailsBinding
com/example/bookstore/Views/Fragments/FavoritesFragment.java
 com.example.bookstore.Views.Fragments.FavoritesFragment
 com.example.bookstore.Views.Fragments.FavoritesFragment$1
 com.example.bookstore.Views.Fragments.FavoritesFragment$2
 com.example.bookstore.Views.Fragments.FavoritesFragment$3
com/example/bookstore/Adapters/FeedBooksAdapter.java
 com.example.bookstore.Adapters.FeedBooksAdapter
 com.example.bookstore.Adapters.FeedBooksAdapter$1
 com.example.bookstore.Adapters.FeedBooksAdapter$FeedBooksViewHolder
 com.example.bookstore.Adapters.FeedBooksAdapter$FeedBooksViewHolder$1
 com.example.bookstore.Adapters.FeedBooksAdapter$IBookClicked
com/example/bookstore/Repository/BooksRepository.java
 com.example.bookstore.Repository.BooksRepository
 com.example.bookstore.Repository.BooksRepository$1
 com.example.bookstore.Repository.BooksRepository$InsertFavoriteBookAsyncTask
 com.example.bookstore.Repository.BooksRepository$RemoveFavoriteBookAsyncTask
com/example/bookstore/databinding/BookRvItemBinding.java
 com.example.bookstore.databinding.BookRvItemBinding
com/example/bookstore/Room/BookTable.java
 com.example.bookstore.Room.BookTable
com/example/bookstore/Retrofit/AllBooksDataSourceFactory.java
 com.example.bookstore.Retrofit.AllBooksDataSourceFactory
